0:00
Even though this building looks pretty ordinary can you believe inside is one of the most-watched channels in the world? He got 800 million subscribers way more than our channel

0:09
Their revenue and everything else totally outpace us. We're talking about the one and only MrBeast. The #1 influencer in the US. This time, we're gonna show you what his studio really looks like.

0:21
A company of 500 people three times bigger than ours, how do they run it? Like here this is their Guinness World Record wall. Just from a single episode they can break over 40 records. That's insane.

0:35
This video's gonna be a bit different from usual. I wanna take you through it at a slower pace to really understand how MrBeast's company works. In some ways, we're kind of similar. But yeah

0:45
they're definitely ahead of us in a lot of areas. So this time, I'll speak more from a first-person view since it's also my first visit. Let's take this journey together, as students

0:52
and see how their company operates. and see how their company operates. This is where we build all our sets Go on inside. You can head in. Okay. This is where we build all our sets.

1:00
Any video you see on the main channel with the big set it's in here. Yeah, the last video we filmed We had the world's best sumo wrestler over here and a real bear So, in this circle

1:11
was the number one sumo wrestler on the planet. And that circle was a bear. And then to win a hundred grand you had to spend a minute in one of the circles. This is where we build a lot of our sets.

1:22
Then, if you look up you'll see over a hundred sprinklers in here you'll see them kind of sticking out. So, you can shoot you can do a lot of bombs and explosives and things like that.

1:31
So, we have sprinklers that can put out the fires. So, you're more likely to drown here than you are to burn down the building. So that's the thing. 'Cause we do a lot of crazy videos.

1:41
And then, if we keep coming. So, we have people sorting money over here. Don't disturb it. And don't ask questions. You don't want to know the answer for but yes these are people that are

1:53
counting the money that we give away. Like if you looking here these are just trash bags full of money. Oh no. Okay. My god, yeah. So, this is where we get the money we give away. In the videos

2:02
I like to use money where it's like big piles. But then afterwards, we have to adapt and then sort it through and restack them into bills like these. So, this is like the aftermath

2:12
we don't normally show on camera. So at this point, you're probably wondering is all that cash real or fake? Well, I checked it out for you on site. Turns out, the money is fake.

2:20
But they use the fake bills for scenes with explosions or water. for scenes with explosions or water. For actually paying out it's the real money boxes and boxes of real cash to the contestants.

2:29
Even though their prize amounts seem huge every episode their revenue is absolutely insane. MrBeast told us the company has 500 people total. Around 200 are on the content team

2:38
and the other 300 are in finance or working on things like that famous chocolate and peripheral products. That team is super impressive they bring in a huge chunk of the revenue.

2:47
Their team is three times bigger than ours but their earnings are dozens even hundreds of times more than us. It's wild. And with that kind of income they obviously have way more resources

2:57
to pull off crazier stuff. For example, Jimmy took just me to see their equipment storage. So, over here is a server racks when we do like 200 contestant videos.

3:08
And we set up like a camera in each circle or whatever you could throw up footage. These are where all the feeds go into so you can monitor hundreds of contestants in one spot. All the animus ones

3:18
and how much data do you generate per like the contestant video? Many petabytes. Petabytes. Yeah, we're talking about millions of gigabytes. Yes, yeah. Definitely petabytes

3:29
Like Beast Games episode what I think was like 1.5 petabytes alone. Ah, over here, these are awesome. So, whenever we're in a video... We, so these PTZs we compare with these

3:41
and then you can use these to like zoom in and zoom out on people in the circles so... Cause the contestants are always moving we can on the fly adjust the cameras remotely.

3:49
Wait, this is just casually laying down so much cameras randomly? Yeah, I mean we got too many. They're collecting dust. Wait, what's wrong with the dust? Jimmy, put it on eBay. Wait, let me see it.

4:03
Like brand new. In here, we've got hundreds of GoPros. Oh my god. And tube lights, these are really expensive the Quasar ones. And we got Astera tubes. The Titan tubes. Yeah, I love Titan tubes. Yeah.

4:19
And then we also even have... It's really Sci-fi looking. Honestly, you turn it on. And use this to light... Jimmy loves these things. Yeah, these are great here.

4:27
You wanna hold it while you walk around? Yeah. No, no, no, here you got it. There you go. All right, tell us is the lighting better? Yeah. -Much better, right? -There you go.

4:35
So we have, this is a FX6. Yeah. This is our standard camera that we use for pretty much every shoot that we do. And it's super versatile... Reliable, and really good.

4:44
We also use the Tilta system as well. Yeah, we love Tilta. We're really good friends with the Tilta. Yeah, yeah, yeah. -We even have this beautiful... -Inspire 3?

4:53
You know, we crashed ten of them in our company. -Oh really? -In a year, in a single year... We crashed ten of them. You're lying. I'm not lying. Nancy tells them it's true. It's true.

5:00
Even for me, that's lying. They just crashed, they just crashed yesterday... like one dropped into Indian Ocean. Don't get any ideas. And then over here, honestly, at this point

5:11
he should just take over the tour. He knows more about my camera gear than me. Jesus, alright guys. There is a very unique one. This one is not selling anymore. Because the company goes bankrupt.

5:21
-Oh really? -Oh yeah. They died, so, I... If I know that I got a relic. It's a shame. Okay, you got rare ones. And you got FX6, the GoPros... WTF, you guys got so much GoPro screws.

5:34
Yeah, we use a lot of GoPro's cause there's two thousand of'em. On these games we use over a thousand. Okay. Yeah, it's a souvenir you can take it home. Okay. -There you go. -There you go.

5:45
Wait, if GoPro goes out of stock they should come to here. Oh yeah, I mean we're keeping them alive to be honest. They're in their quarterly numbers because we buy so many.

5:52
The truth is, with their level of funding they can do things we just can't. Besides their massive gear vault they spent 2 million dollars building this basketball court just for their staff.

6:02
Honestly, I'm super jealous of that. And what's even crazier they actually bought all the land here. Altogether, around 400,000 square meters. So they can build literally anything they want.

6:11
Right across from the basketball court they spent 240 million RMB to build a massive fully sound-treated studio just for filming the next season of Beast Games. There's no echo.

6:23
So, we build really large sets and typically buildings this large have a lot of beams support beams This has no support beams so you could actually build a set

6:33
that stretches from one side to the other which is not possible in a typical warehouse. So that's what makes it very expensive. Because what usually makes it cheap

6:40
is you just slap a roof on a bunch of support beams. But to build it without any support down the middle like this like no one does that. It's the largest sound stage in North America.

6:49
-The largest? -Yeah. Without consecutive beams. which for us we need because of again large sets. So. Crazy. We're just getting started, keep following me. Okay. All right, so

7:01
your are seeing videos we currently have in progress. One of them we took a guy that one of my friends that wanted to lose weight. And I told him if he lost a hundred pounds before he left a circle

7:11
I would give him three hundred thousand dollars. So in you guys currency, 2.4 Million dollars. And then the other video we're gonna check out I built a prison

7:18
I grabbed a guy who spent years in federal prison. And then a cop and I told him if they lived together in the prison for a hundred days they'd win half a million dollars. So they're on like Day 57.

7:28
Yeah. All right, so we'll go check out on the guy doing weight loss. He hasn't left this circle in six months. Oh my gosh. How often do you come to check him? Uh, every other day. Okay.

7:40
You're nice, Jimmy. When i'm in town if i'm not in town. So, everyone if you come over here you'll see... This, all right, so this is the red circle and once he stepped inside this circle

7:56
If he steps on it before he loses a hundred pounds he gets nothing. That's a gym filled with workout gear. Everything he can need is inside of it. Six months ago he stepped in here We weighed him.

8:07
And then he can't leave until that number says 100 pounds less. Yeah. So come check it out. So, this is the control room where you'll see all the cameras. Wow! Hello guys.

8:20
-Come on in, come on in. -Hi! Wow! So these are all the cameras we have monitoring them. We have over a couple dozen cameras running 24*7 recording everything.

8:31
We have, we also have cameras recording the line. So we'll know if he leaves. So I can assure you he has not left since the challenge started because we're tracking the lines 24*7.

8:40
And then we have people on rotating shifts monitoring him. So these two. How long have you been watching him? -Today? -Yeah. 12 hours. So they're about 12 hours into monitoring him. 153.

8:51
Yeah, today's the day 153 And now we'll go back out that door into the left and we'll go say hi. Wow! Yeah. How many cameras are here, Jimmy? Uh, twenty four. Twenty four cameras, wow! Crazy. Crazy.

9:05
this place is insane, so ahead of us. All right everybody, come on inside. Wow! -Oh ho ho ho ho! -Matt Knock, knock, I bring friends. Welcome inside.

9:17
So, this is a set that we built just for this video. So, this is this exists just for this video. Matt, I brought a lot of friends with cameras. Hello, Matt! This is Matt.

9:29
-Matt. -Everyone go over to say hi. Hi! Nice to meet you. Sorry, my hands chalked out. Matt, nice to meet you! Welcome to my house. -Okay. -So they... They probably have a lot of questions

9:40
But to start off, well, explain what's going on. Should I say my weight... Yeah, go ahead. So I'm down 71 pounds. From 324, so I started at 324 pounds. Probably at 253 pounds.

9:52
So, in the last five months. -Wow! -Yeah. So, right now, so, every 30 days Jimmy gives me a challenge. So I'll work out four days a week. And then I'll have two cardio days and one full rest day.

10:02
But for this challenge I'm practicing straight grip strength. On Day 160, every second he can hang I will add a thousand dollars to the prize pool. -Wow! -Yeah. And then before

10:13
I gave him a thousand dollars for every push up he could do. And so every 30 days there's a new challenge he can do to add more money to the prize pool. That's why the price pool is 346 grand.

10:21
'Cause he keeps winning more money. But that's only if he loses a hundred pounds does he get it. Yeah, we're clean close we're getting close. Yeah, you want to show him around.

10:28
Yeah, of course, of course. Show the cribs. Come on in, sorry guys, sorry. Wow! So, it's my beautiful kitchen we got everything we need, right? Yeah. We got my bedroom over here.

10:42
So, I get weighed every single day. I just don't know my weight until Jimmy gives it to me every 30 days. So scale that step on. It's yeah, it's my bedroom. Nothing too crazy guys, I swear, but...

10:57
Is it difficult to stay here all these days like is it lonely? Is it challenging? I mean it's a game, it definitely is a little challenging because you're trying to build

11:05
like these new habits and routines especially for someone that never did this before in their entire life. I never knew how to cook and my coach taught me how to cook. We have a grocery store.

11:14
Wow, grocery store. So you don't have to cook. No. Yeah, I can cook now. -I learned. -Oh yeah. Wow! -Yeah, so... -Oh no, you cook, I see yeah, of course yeah. So this gets restocked every three days.

11:28
So anything I need so like say I wanted a steak I could get a steak. I cook it, you know. Does that cost you money? -No, no. -Do they charge you? Jimmy's nice. Yeah.

11:39
You didn't charge him for the food. He gets a living on Lunchly too by the way. -Okay! -Lunchly, yeah. If you guys want Lunchly you're more than welcome to take it.

11:46
Do people build big sets like these for videos on Billibili? Not really. -I'm gonna learn from you. -Not yet? Not yet, not yet, Jimmy. Yeah. So you can, you think you're gonna win it? What's up?

12:00
You think you are gonna win, you can win the game? -Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah. -You can win. At this point, I'm too invested you'd better not quit. I'm not gonna quit.

12:06
Oh then, there's another cool thing. So, it's not on right now but sometimes, well, when I'm traveling, right? When I did a hundred hours at the pyramid or I'm doing a video in a different country

12:16
this is a hologram machine. Anywhere In the world I can stand in front of a white background put a camera on a tripod and then it'll hologram me in here and it'll look like I'm in the room.

12:24
So, I can do a check in with him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It would literally be a live feed. So it would be him and then me and he'd be able to see me. -That's a cool part. -Yeah.

12:33
That's where you spend your money. Yeah, so that right there allows me to talk to him and interact with them. And then this will be like a hologram of me. Yeah. Yeah. It's really cool.

12:43
And then, Matt you want to show them outside? Yeah, of course. Wow! All right, Matt That is nice. Yeah, so, this is his court. My basketball court, my recovery station.

12:57
I got a sauna and a cold plunge. Wow! You get paid for staying here for three months. -Yeah, yeah. -You're paying nothing. No, nothing at all. I have fifteen basketballs. If you guys look out there,

13:10
I have... Failed several times. Yeah, several times. I can't get those balls. The funny part is we could go get them. But it's funnier if we don't. So mean, Jimmy! You need to help him.

13:21
I'm about to go show them the prison set over there. Ah, you guys gonna have a lot of fun Hahaha, do you watch them? Can you can see them? -You wanna go with us? -Yeah, yeah, I'll come along.

13:29
Yeah, yeah, come please. No, don't, don't, don't, Matt. Here's okay, here's okay. Hold on, hold on. You can get a little closer. No, that's like... This is good.

13:44
So just for reference, if he stepped here he would lose around 2.4 million dollars in your guys's currency. Wow, just one step. Please don't. If you touched it the video is over, like it's done.

13:57
Yes, and I can go home to nothing. Oh, no. Should I cross it? I mean these are some of the biggest creators in China, like... If you were to ever leave... Now would be the time.

14:09
Listen, we can do it again, but in China. Yeah. We do it in China, then you got a 2.4 million again. That's true,shall I go Jokes aside, get out of here, go away, go.

14:18
-Thank you, thank you, bye bye. -Thanks Matt. Enjoy your workout. So how about the prison? Yes, now the prisoners... you can actually see they get an hour in the yard every day.

14:28
-Yep -It's like their yard times right now. -Yep -It's like their yard times right now. Oh my god. That's crazy, so the sets are so close to each other. So I film with him,

14:37
and then I walk over here and I film with the prisoners. Wow. MrBeast’s shows used to be filmed all over the world. But later on they realized that flying people over

14:46
and building filming sets near the company is the most efficient way. So a unique phenomenon appeared— just a few hundred meters apart you could find people living in entirely different scenes.

14:56
To transport celebrities even more efficiently they even started constructing an airport runway. After landing, the plane could go directly to the set. Oh my god. This is why no one visits you guys.

15:12
-Hello. What'up? -Hello. So who is the prisoner, sir? Yeah? -Let me see who is nicer? -You're gonna free us? Who do you think is the cop and who do you think is the inmate? Hmm... You're the prisoner.

15:24
That's a pretty good guess. Because of the tattoos? Yeah. Listen, I got 50 grand for whoever could smuggle us a phone Hahaha, I will. So, yeah you guys want to tell me your story a little bit?

15:37
Yeah, so me, I was a detective in the New York city. -In NYPD for 17 years. -Wow. -Wow. -Yeah. I decided to leave to spend more time with my family

15:47
and do some more things that were aligned with my purpose and this just happens to be one of them, so. I went to federal prison when I was 21 for three years for fraud relating to concert production

15:58
at a nightclub I used to own. Uh, okay. I didn't mean to open up this old wound. I didn't kill anyone. Okay, that's good. And so, we're like, "hey" "here's someone who did something bad"

16:09
"but has reformed, and you know, is pretty chill" "and here's a cop" "let's see how they do together for 100 days in a prison." Doing alright. -What day is it? -Do you hate each other...

16:18
-What's happening... -Day... Day fifty eight. -Fifty eight! -Fifty eight. Let's, let's go let's go inside. Are we seeing each other? What do you guys think? -It's awesome. Crazy! -Crazy!

16:29
Yes, how do they even come up with this idea? He really went and built a whole prison! Hahaha that's just insane. He actually managed to find someone... Oh no, he's opening the door.

16:41
Welcome to the prison, come on in. Are they going to run away? No, this part of section is off don't worry, it's over here. Is this designed based on a real prison?

16:51
Yeah, you'll see when you get inside. All right, so these are all remote controlled Okay, unlocked come on over here. And follow me up here. -Come on up, okay. -Okay. Come on in. Alright, hello.

17:12
Alright come on in everybody. Hi. -Wow. -Wow. So this is the control room. This is where we monitor all the prisoners this is the prison cells over there. here, open those doors right there

17:27
you can see the actual inside of the prison, so head on in. -Wow. -Let's go. How much time did they spend in this cell every day? They only get an hour outside.

17:35
-So twenty three. -Only one hour outside? Yeah, twenty three hours inside. -It's like a real prison. -Really?! -Yeah, you get an hour of your time. -That's true. -Yeah, this is real. -What...

17:45
Guys, they only get to spend one hour outside. You're only allowed outside for one hour a day. Oh my god, the gear they're using all Sony FR7 remote-controlled cameras.

17:57
And on the backend, they've got full PTZ control systems. This setup supports 4K/120fps. And they've installed so many indoors. Each Sony FR7 costs over $4,900.

18:07
And they've deployed a ton of PTZ cameras outside too. -Alright, so we're gonna come back and see... -Wow. Hey, where's the captive animals? Oh, is this what it's like? It's definitely...

18:18
It's crazy being down here. Normally you're right there in the morning. Normally you're right there in the morning. I know. How's the food? How's the food? Yeah. Yeah, it's a sensitive topic here.

18:27
Hahahaha. I could eat. Yeah. This is the countdown we do every morning. Wow. Fourty-two. Forty-two to go. Yeah, we collect the apple sauces and then in the morning we do a little countdown.

18:39
No phones, no electronics no connection with the outside world at all. no connection with the outside world at all. There's different levels in real prison

18:45
but like at the camp, the last spot I was at, I would be like the runner so I would leave the prison and go and grab... -Like McDonald's and Chinese food... -What? We all have cell phones

18:53
we were watching "Orange Is The New Black" on our bunk beds. It's all legal, granted but here he runs such a tight ship you can't get any of that.

19:04
So basically, everything he doesn't like about my prison is because we follow the law. Whatever one wanky janky prison you're in Whatever one wanky janky prison you're in

19:13
but here we follow state federal rules. His solitary is half the size of a real solitary. Have you guys ever think about prison break? We love "Prison Break".

19:23
-I bet, hahaha. -See he's got that haircut. Jimmy! I mean this is the best chance in there. It's a really good chance to have Jimmy... I'll go over here. Who invited him?

19:33
You know, if you grab him on time. I've got an idea. What if we build a similar prison but the goal to win is the person has to figure out how to escape. Each failed attempt costs them

19:44
20–30% of the prize money. Doesn't that sound good? Like the reverse version of their challenge. That's an idea if you guys would watch it… Maybe we should try it. Any volunteers?

19:54
What if I offer $600,000 for them to break out? US Dollars? Yeah, yeah. -What if i have to do that? -Go for it. I already know what the largest brand deal on Bilibili ever is

20:03
-Yeah. -It's not covering that. -I will do a counter offer. -Okay. Just to piss off Jimmy. Alright, you know what? I'm not inviting him back. Hahaha. After visiting the two projects they're filming

20:14
I noticed something really interesting: they put way more thought into casting than you might expect. MrBeast told us for any reality-style show the people are by far the most important.

20:24
Even with the same content design if you change the people The result is completely different. So they take casting very seriously. They spend a lot of time interviewing hundreds of people.

20:33
Most of the casting is done directly at nearby universities where they interview suitable students to participate in the shows. Meanwhile, during filming they try to interfere with the contestants

20:41
as little as possible. So the set is equipped with a large number of unobtrusive panoramic PTZ cameras that can be remotely controlled to preserve the authentic feel of the show. Of course

20:49
beyond early casting and filming you’re probably curious about their post-production and how the production process works, right? So they also took us to visit the post-production department

20:57
and the production department to take a tour. All right. To keep the tour going, let's put like five people in there, five in here and then we'll just shuttle. -Okay. -A little quicker.

21:07
Alright, anyone who doesn't make it they'll drive it back and pick up more of you. What is L? Alright, hold on, not sure what's gonna do. Are you sure, Jimmy? Alright, we are all good Alright

21:24
We're off-roaded. Hey. We haven't lost anyone yet. Do I get a studio tour when I come to China? Yes, please. I'll give it a tour. -Yeah. -We should use these more in the tours.

21:38
-These are way more fun. -So fun. I didn't show you guys this at the start of the tour. This isn't a common thing in America but at the start, is kind of annoying

21:50
like having to lock and unlock doors manually and stuff. And so for us, what we do is we just have an APP on everyone's phone So you literally just walk up to and wave

21:58
and then when it does that, just unlocks the door which is great because we have 400 employees and so now we can just assign access remove access. And that's on every single door in this building.

22:07
Okay alright, next stop. I'm gonna show you guys how we edit our videos. Yes please. How many editors? -Well, we're about to find out. -Okay. I don't know if they went home already.

22:15
Alright, right over here. -Come through this door. -Yep. We have a bunch of different rooms that our editors work in this is just one of them, come on in. Howdy, boys. -Hi guys. -Yo, yo yo. Hi, Mack.

22:29
Yeah, oh my god. -How's it going? -Yeah, yeah, I'm good. -How's it going? -Yeah, yeah, I'm good. This is the intro of one of our videos coming up. Yeah.

22:36
Where Jimmy goes to the temples for a hundred hours. Yeah, so we spent 100 hours in ancient temples. Wow. This is gonna be the next video we upload. Okay. Great.

22:43
So this timeline right here has 42 audio layers, right? Yeah. But on Beast Games when we had a thousand cameras that had over 2000 audio tracks playing simultaneously.

22:53
How do you figure out the audio on each person? Okay. For this, it's really simple because we can audit everything and figure it all out. But for stuff like Beast Games

23:01
some of it was literally based on probability on what audio did we happen to stumble upon. Here's a fun fact. You can only listen to five people talk at the same time. I try to do six

23:08
that's where it falls off, right? Five is good. But as soon as you got a six person there you don't know what's going on anymore so... How many editors on the project for Beast Games?

23:17
So it started off at a small, smaller and we weren't doing it, we weren't going fast enough. By the end, I think we had like a hundred. Yeah, 140. Yeah. Just it was ridiculous, yeah.

23:28
It was massive team. Everyone was grinding because that is by technicality the most advanced premiere project... Ever attended by mankind that project, for Beast Game -Wow. Wow. Yeah,so it was, yeah

23:40
it was ridiculous. -But... -I mean because that whatever hundreds of thousands hours of footage that was just one episode and there's ten. Name one show that has a thousand cameras rolling

23:50
for dozens of hours each. Yeah. And so after we did that these videos became a lot simpler by comparison you know and...Yeah. I like seeing 42 layers of audio that makes it a lot easier to...

24:01
If you full screen this and show him a clip of it. and show him a clip of it. Is this the intro? Yeah, this is the working intro. They're still working on it. But... "Just got dropped off on this"

24:09
"two-thousand-year-old ancient temple." "Wow. We're so high up." "We're surrounded by jungle." "See you later." "Let's go see what we can find." "In this video,"

24:17
"we're gonna be exploring dozens of ancient temples" "all of which hide ancient Mayan secrets" "from the world deep underground." "Everything you guys are seeing now"

24:26
"the Mayans didn't want us to see." "Nobody gets to go where we're going" "including exploring one of the seven wonders of the world." "But we only have one hundred hours to make discoveries."

24:37
"I'm discovering these stairs are huge." "Yeah, I want to find an escalator." "Let's go discover the secrets of the Mayans." This is the dozen... What do you think of that?

24:44
The effects, that's incredible, the effects. I mean how do you see that and not go "alright, I gotta watch it." So one thing that's gonna be really cool in this video

24:50
is Jimmy walks around that whole village And we're gonna like restore it to what it originally looked like. So like the buildings will erupt out of the ground.

24:56
and then you'll see like people walking around -and all the artwork will be like... -So cool. That monkey scene. Yeah, because I was just doing the intro and it just started screeching.

25:05
And I was literally, I'd just have it I turned around and went, "Shut the f**k up!" And I was like, "I can't say that." "Sir!" Hahaha. You cut it well. -So good. -It got to the point...

25:20
Where they were doing like full-on objectives. Where they were doing like full-on objectives. "Alright, today's objective is" "to make the monkey stop screaming."

25:25
How do you guys collaborate though, like different editors? Ok. So we use Premiere Production which is basically like Google Docs for premiere and basically multiple editors

25:33
a few of them are working from home at this very second, but we'll have four or five editors collaborating at once on different scenes and basically I'll go in between

25:42
and we'll check out everyone's scene... -Make sure it's aligning on the same vision. -Right. From what we have planned on the whiteboard which you guys can see behind you

25:47
-but probably don't want to film. -Yeah, yeah, okay. And, yeah, it's just constantly refining and make sure everyone's on the same page and then we'll put it all together see if it still makes sense.

25:55
-Most of the time needs to be changed. -Yeah. We'll just keep refining and refining and refining until we're up against the time when we need to show Jimmy and hopefully

26:01
by then it's, you know, pretty good. What if there's one video that misses your expectations once you watch the first A copy? Then I just have them redo it. Will you be like mad or...?

26:12
No, I wouldn't be mad. I would just be like, "Hey, it's not good, let's redo it." Sometimes we edit a video 27, 30 times. Just redo everything. -Like completely redo. -Yeah, just redo it.

26:22
I mean it is what it is. We're not gonna upload something bad. It's not just heavy editing. A single 10–20 minute video may require 6 editors working simultaneously for 4–6 weeks.

26:30
And even after the show is uploaded, the team's work isn’t over. MrBeast has dedicated data analysts who used to work in finance institutions to track the show's performance.

26:38
For example, where viewer drop-off is the highest can be pinpointed to the exact second. They analyze what was said or shown at that moment to determine what caused viewers to leave.

26:46
In terms of content creation, they always create the thumbnail and title first before working on the actual content. Because if the thumbnail and title aren't attractive viewers won’t click to watch.

26:55
It’s a very simple issue. But this is often overlooked. They even have a 16-person team dedicated just to designing thumbnails. For one video they start with 50 different thumbnails and titles

27:05
then test them using ad traffic to find the best-performing one. Even for videos from a year ago they continue tracking data constantly testing and replacing thumbnails. With this strategy

27:14
even outdated videos can still gain another 10 million views. They’re also very cautious during the early planning stage. Each episode has a fixed production budget of $2 million.

27:23
There's a designated production team to do feasibility analysis. Each production team includes about five producers and one leader. Once the creative team gives them the idea the production team

27:32
needs to break it down into a list called Core Mission. Only after solving the core missions can the show be successfully produced. For example, if it's an exploration in an ancient temple

27:40
the core mission is to find a temple that allows filming not how to set up lighting or how many camera angles to use. Those are less important than securing the temple. So as production

27:49
part of our responsibility is we try to never this is a big thing we try to never say "NO". We try to go, "I would love to give you that" "I might not be able to give you that"

28:02
"but we can give you this." So it gets this real collaborative effort that's going across and I think that's what really cultivates the relationship to get the best product.

28:11
And this is where we actually will take whatever's delivered from the creative team could be like a framework or some type of idea or a conception. Feasibility. Can it actually be done?

28:21
How much it would cost? That's how we build up our budgets. And as you can see things on the board is actually how it goes about being created. Alright, thank you all, thank you.

28:30
-Thank you. -Thank you. Thank you for letting us harass you. On this wall these are all our voice actors. Wow. This is my bedroom. I don't know if you care to see it, but... Okay.

28:41
If you want to see it, this is my bedroom. Why is there a person in it? Okay. He's just working at the desk. Okay. And then... Yeah. We'll end it off in here. Wow, we came back. And now, we're back

28:54
in the conference room. To wrap this all up when I come to China are you guys going to show me around? Sure. -For sure. -Yeah? Jimmy, for sure. Alright, if there's enough comments on these videos

29:03
I'll come visit. Should I livestream like Speed did? Should he? After watching this I'm not sure how you feel but personally, in terms of hardware I'm not like jealous or anything. What I envy most

29:16
is how every idea they have hits the mark and they keep churning out viral hits while also bringing in real business value. That cycle is seriously impressive. During the tour

29:25
I noticed that while their company may not have so-called rules or regulations they do have a really solid content creation workflow. Whether it's early research, filming

29:34
or post-production editing and data tracking they’ve thought through everything carefully. So here’s my summary: for a content team or an individual content creator to do a great job

29:42
there must be three steps. First, the project direction must be correct. Second, mid-project corrections must be made to steer things back on track. You must be able to correct it

29:50
back to the direction you originally intended. You can't just let it keep going off course. Third is the post-project review to prevent making the same mistakes again.

29:56
If you can do these three things in a loop I'm confident the content will keep getting better. So this has been very helpful to us and I hope it can give you some inspiration too.

30:03
I also hope you can learn something useful from MrBeast’s workflow. That would be the best outcome. Well then, see you next time.